docs: add security.md (#412)
theupdateframework/go-tuf: docs/SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

The go-tuf community is committed to maintaining a reliable and consistent TUF client implementation. If you believe you have identified a security issue in go-tuf's client protocol, please follow these guidelines for responsible disclosure.

## Supported Versions

You may report issues for the most recent version of go-tuf. We will not retroactively make changes to older versions.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

If you discover a potential security issue in this project we ask that you notify the go-tuf maintainers via our [vulnerability reporting form](https://forms.gle/ShM4s3mLbUAx5QHo8). At the minimum, the report must contain the following:
* A description of the issue.
* Instructions to reproduce the issue.

> 

Author: Clarified!

# Security Policy

The go-tuf community is committed to maintaining a reliable and consistent TUF client implementation. If you believe you have identified a security issue in go-tuf's client protocol, please follow these guidelines for responsible disclosure.

## Supported Versions

You may report issues for the most recent version of go-tuf. We will not retroactively make changes to older versions.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

If you discover a potential security issue in this project we ask that you notify the go-tuf maintainers via our [vulnerability reporting form](https://forms.gle/ShM4s3mLbUAx5QHo8). At the minimum, the report must contain the following:
* A description of the issue.
* A specific version or commit SHA of `go-tuf` where the issue reproduces.
* Instructions to reproduce the issue.

> Please do **not** create a public GitHub issue to submit vulnerability reports. The GitHub issue tracker is intended for bug reports and feature requests. Major feature requests, such as design changes to the specification, should be proposed via a [TUF Augmentation Protocol](https://theupdateframework.github.io/specification/latest/#tuf-augmentation-proposal-tap-support) (TAP).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please do **not** create a public GitHub issue or pull request to submit vulnerability reports. These public trackers are intended for non-time-sensitive bug reports and feature requests. Major feature requests, such as design changes to the specification, should be proposed via a [TUF Augmentation Protocol](https://theupdateframework.github.io/specification/latest/#tuf-augmentation-proposal-tap-support) (TAP).
```
